Document imported modules and used outputs report (#1478)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/misc/usage-collection.md

# Usage collection

> By default, k6 sends a usage report each time it is run, so that we can track relevant information to be able to build the product making better data-driven decisions. Prioritizing the features that benefit the most and reducing the impact of changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, k6 sends an anonymous usage report each time it is run, so that we can track relevant information to be able to build the product making better data-driven decisions. Prioritizing the features that benefit the most and reducing the impact of changes.
```

I know that sometimes, in this kind of explanations, it is clarifying that the report is _anonymous_ or _ anonymized_, so may worth considering to mention it here as well, I guess.

- VU iterations configured (number)
- The running program's operating system target (`darwin`, `freebsd`, `linux`...)
- The running program's architecture target (386, amd64, arm, s390x...)
- The list of JavaScript imported modules (`k6/http`, `k6/experimental/webcrypto`, ...)
- The list of used outputs (`json`, `influxdb`, ...)

> Only k6 built-in JavaScript modules and outputs are considered. Private modules and custom extensions are excluded.

> This report is sent to an HTTP server that collects statistics on k6 usage.

Reviewer 2: I assume the statistics collection is made over HTTPs (🤞🏻) If so, I would use this opportunity to explicit that the data is transported over TLS (to ensure the confidentiality and security of our users) 🙇🏻

Author: It makes sense to me :+1: 

```suggestion
This report is sent to an HTTPS server that collects statistics on k6 usage.
```
@oleiade Is this change enough or were you thinking of something different?

Reviewer 2: That works indeed, I don't necessarily think we need to go beyond that 👍🏻 Thanks for doing it 🙇🏻
